### <i class="fa fa-cogs" style="color: steelblue;"></i> Présentation

**LinkR** is a web application that allows for visualization and analysis of health data.

The application is coded in R using the Shiny library. It uses the common data model <a href = "https://ohdsi.github.io/CommonDataModel/" target = "_blank">OMOP</a>.

### <i class="fa fa-users" style="color: steelblue;"></i> Who is the application for?

The application is for:

- **clinicians**, an intuitive interface allows clinicians to analyze data and conduct studies without advanced programming knowledge
- **data scientists and statisticians**, LinkR provides access to a full R environment, allowing data scientists and statisticians to exploit all the features of advanced data analysis
- **healthcare students**, integrated tutorials in the application provide healthcare students with an opportunity to learn and practice data analysis in the healthcare field
  
Thus, LinkR facilitates **collaborative work**.

### <i class="fa fa-share-alt" style="color: steelblue;"></i> Sharing and Open Science

LinkR is an **open source** application.

It contributes to **open science** by allowing the sharing of:

- *studies*: import and export your studies in one click, reproduce studies with your own data
- *scripts*: share interoperable scripts, thanks to the use of the common OMOP data model
- *plugins*: help improve the application by creating plugins and sharing them

### <i class="fa fa-code-branch" style="color: steelblue;"></i> Contributions

LinkR **needs help** to evolve! You can contribute by creating plugins, or by helping to improve the application’s code.

### <i class="fa fa-gift" style="color: steelblue;"></i> Support us

LinkR is supported by the **Interhop** association, promoting open-source and interoperability in healthcare. You can **<a href = "https://interhop.org/dons/" target = "_blank">make a donation here</a>**.

### <i class="fa fa-exclamation-triangle" style="color: steelblue;"></i> Report a bug

<a href = "https://github.com/BorisDelange/LinkR/issues" target = "_blank">Go here</a> to report a bug.

### <i class="fa fa-envelope" style="color: steelblue;"></i> Contact

Email: <linkr-app@pm.me> ; <a href = "https://github.com/BorisDelange/LinkR/discussions" target = "_blank">Discussions on GitHub</a>.
